Recurring Deposit is a special kind of Term Deposit offered by banks in India which help people with regular incomes to deposit a
 fixed amount every month into their Recurring Deposit account and earn interest at the rate applicable to Fixed Deposits.[1] It
 is similar to making FDs of a certain amount in monthly installments, for example ₹ 1000 every month. This deposit matures on a
  specific date in the future along with all the deposits made every month. Thus, Recurring Deposit schemes allow customers with
   an opportunity to build up their savings through regular monthly deposits of fixed sum over a fixed period of time. Minimum
   Period of RD is 6 months and maximum is 10 years. want to save monthly.
invest periodically save periodically invest monthly save yearly
looking for monthly investment
   I want to save 50000 every month
   I want to save 6000 every month
   I want to save 5000 every month
   i want to save 200 every month for 2 years
   i want to save 200 every month for 3 years
The Recurring Deposit can be funded by Standing instructions which are the instructions by the customer to the bank to withdraw a
certain sum of money from his Savings/ Current account and credit to the Recurring Deposit account. want to save money monthly
When the RD account is opened, the maturity value is indicated to the customer assuming that the monthly installments will be
paid regularly on due dates. If any installment is delayed, the interest payable in the account will be reduced and will not be sufficient to reach the maturity value. Therefore, the difference in interest will be deducted from the maturity value as a penalty. The rate of penalty will be fixed upfront. Interest is compounded on quarterly basis in recurring deposits.
One can avail loans against the collateral of Recurring deposit up to 80 to 90% of the deposit value.
Rate of Interest offered is similar to that of Fixed Deposits. Earlier it seemed to be one of the best method to save the amount
yield after years of deposit. It was effective from June 1, 2015 TDS is applicable on RDs.[2]
if you want investment every month
you can go for monthly investment
invest money every month
invest fund every month
invest fund every year
invest money every year